IBX-2648: Added migrations for settings (#1583)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/data_migration/importing_data.md

[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/create_segment.yaml', 18, 24) =]]
```

### Settings

> The following example shows how to create and update a database setting:

Reviewer: I think it should be noted that this is an **application setting** stored in database. It's not a "database" setting per se.

> The following example shows how to create and update a database setting:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows how you can create and update a setting that is stored in the database:
```
